♪ TIMMY IS AN AVERAGE KID ♪
♪ THAT NO ONE UNDERSTANDS ♪
♪ MOM AND DAD AND VICKY ♪
♪ ALWAYS GIVING HIM COMMANDS ♪
BED, TWERP!
♪ THE DOOM AND GLOOM
UP IN HIS ROOM ♪
♪ IS BROKEN INSTANTLY ♪
♪ BY HIS MAGIC LITTLE FISH
WHO GRANT HIS EVERY WISH ♪
♪ 'CAUSE IN REALITY ♪
♪ THEY ARE HIS ODDPARENTS ♪
♪ FAIRLY ODDPARENTS ♪
♪ WANDS AND WIGS ♪
♪ FLOATY CROWNY THINGS ♪
♪ ODDPARENTS,
FAIRLY ODDPARENTS ♪
♪ REALLY MOD, PEA POD,
BUFF BOD, HOT ROD ♪
♪ OBTUSE, RUBBER GOOSE,
GREEN MOOSE, GUAVA JUICE ♪
♪ GIANT SNAKE, BIRTHDAY CAKE,
LARGE FRIES, CHOCOLATE SHAKE ♪
♪ ODDPARENTS,
FAIRLY ODDPARENTS ♪
♪ IT FLIPS YOUR LID
WHEN YOU ARE THE KID ♪
♪ WITH FAIRLY ODDPARENTS ♪
YEAH, RIGHT.
CAPTIONING MADE POSSIBLE BY
NICKELODEON
[SNIFFING]
AHH.
YOU KNOW WHAT
MY FAVORITE PART
OF BEING
ON THE BEACH IS?
THE FRESH AIR?
THE CLEAN, WHITE SAND?
NOPE.
I GET TO USE THESE
SUPER-COOL
"WET WILLIE
THE MOVIE"
SNORKEL AND SWIM
MASK SET.
BUT YOU HATED THAT MOVIE.
YOU SAID IT WAS
THE WORST MOVIE OF ALL-TIME.
YES, BUT THEY GAVE ME
FREE STUFF.
WOW! NO TAN LINES!
NOW LET'S DIVE INTO
THE NONSTOP UNDERWATER
EXCITEMENT OF SNORKELING.
THIS STINKS!
HAVING FUN FLOATING
TWO INCHES BELOW
THE WATER?
THIS IS TOTALLY BORING.
WHAT ARE YOU
TALKING ABOUT?
LOOK AT ALL
THE COOL STUFF...
WAY DOWN THERE.
BOTTOM OF THE OCEAN,
HERE I COME.
[COUGHING]
OH, GROSS!
PTAH!
YOU THINK THAT'S GROSS?
HAVE YOU SMELLED THE
INSIDE OF YOUR MOUTH?
TWO WORDS:
MOUTHWASH.
UH, THAT'S ONE WORD.
THEN I'LL SAY IT TWICE!
MOUTHWASH, MOUTHWASH!
AW, MAN, THIS DOESN'T
GIVE ME THE POWER
TO BREATH UNDERWATER.
[GROANING]
UGH! HOLLYWOOD
LIED TO ME!
HOLLYWOOD LIED?
CURSE YOU MOVIE
CRITIC GENE SHALLOT!
OH, IF ONLY
THERE WAS SOME WAY
I COULD LIVE MY CURRENT
LIFE-LONG DREAM
TO DIVE DEEPER
INTO THE OCEAN
AND BREATHE AND TALK
TO THE FISHES THAT
AREN'T COMSO.
YEAH! HEY!
I WANT TO BE JUST
LIKE WET WILLIE,
BUT HOW? HOW? HOW!
AHEM.
OH, RIGHT. GOTCHA.
I WISH I HAD
WET WILLIE SUPERPOWERS.
AWESOME!
I'M TIMMY TURNTROUT!
AAAH!
THIS IS GREAT!
I CAN SWIM SUPER-FAST
AND BREATHE UNDERWATER.
AND CHECK THIS OUT.
I CAN TALK TO FISH.
DENIZENS OF THE UNDERSEA WORLD,
BE NOT AFRAID.
I'M TIMMY TURNTROUT,
AND THIS IS WANDA.
HI, TIMMY AND WANDA.
AND THIS IS COSMO.
WAIT A MINUTE...
I KNOW THOSE SOULLESS
GREEN EYES ANYWHERE.
AAH! THE ACCURSED ONE
RETURNS!
THE ACCURSED ONE?
"ACCURSED ONE!"
WOW. THAT'S A NAME
I HAVEN'T HEARD IN AWHILE.
I MEAN, UH, LOOK!
A SUNKEN PIRATE SHIP!
NEAT! A SUNKEN
PIRATE SHIP!
REALLY? A SUNKEN
PIRATE SHIP? NEAT!
MY LIE WORKED!
THANK YOU MOVIE
CRITIC GENE SHALLOT!
OOH.
SUNKEN TREASURE,
SUNKEN PIRATES.
MAN, THIS IS SO MUCH
COOLER THAN SNORKELING.
UGH!
[GROWLING]
AND...NOW IT'S NOT.
THAT'S OK. REMEMBER,
I CAN TALK TO FISH NOW.
I'LL MAKE FRIENDS WITH
THESE SHARKS TELEPATHICALLY.
SAVAGE HUNTERS OF THE DEEP,
WE ARE NOT YOUR ENEMIES.
I'M TIMMY TURNTROUT,
AND THIS IS WANDA.
WE'RE PLEASED TO EAT YOU.
UH...DON'T
YOU MEAN "MEET"?
NO.
AND THIS IS COSMO.
WAIT. SOULLESS
GREEN EYES?
FLOATY CROWNY THING?
AAH! THE ACCURSED ONE
RETURNS!
[SCREAMING]
JEEZ, THAT
WAS CONVENIENT.
WHAT'S THIS
"ACCURSED ONE" THING?
I DON'T KNOW, BUT I HAVEN'T
BEEN CALLED THAT SINCE...
I MEAN, LOOK!
IT'S THE UNDERSEA
KINGDOM OF ATLANTIS!
DON'T TRY TO
DISTRACT ME WITH--UGH!
[GASPING]
OH, MY GOSH. IT IS.
IT'S THE UNDERSEA
KINGDOM OF ATLANTIS.
REALLY? WHERE?
OH, MY GOSH!
IT'S THE UNDERSEA
KINGDOM OF ATLANTIS!
OHH.
IT'S SO BEAUTIFUL.
IT'S EVERYTHING
I'VE ALWAYS READ ABOUT
IN TABLOID NEWSPAPERS
WHILE WAITING IN THE LINES
AT THE GROCERY STORE...
THAT I DON'T BUY.
JUST SKIM.
HMM. UH, NOW I REMEMBER!
UM...OK, WE'VE SEEN IT.
LET'S GO. NOW.
WHO WANTS TO SEE THE LOST
CITY OF CLEVELANLANTIS?
DOES CLEVELANLANTIS
EVEN EXIST?
IT DOES IF YOU WANT IT TO.
NOW, COME ON!
LET'S GET OUT OF HERE!
WHY DO YOU
WANT TO GET OUT
OF HERE SO BADLY?
NO REASON.
[TRUMPET PLAYING]
DENIZENS OF ATLANTIS,
IT IS TIME ONCE AGAIN
TO HUNT FOR THE ACCURSED ONE
WHO SANK OUR CITY:
COSMO!
UH, MAYBE IT'S
ANOTHER COSMO.
IT IS A PRETTY
COMMON NAME.
[GASPING]
I KNOW WE DO THIS EVERY YEAR,
EVEN THOUGH IT IS
A DEADLY AND FUTILE EFFORT,
AND THOUGH MANY
A CENTURY HAS PASSED
AND WE MAY NEVER FIND HIM--
HE'S RIGHT OVER THERE.
UH, COSMO?
HI, GREG!
SILENCE,
ACCURSED ONE!
GREG?
WHAT? IT'S SHORT
FOR GREGORY.
AND WHO ARE YOU?
I'M TIMMY TURNTROUT.
TURNTROUT? AND YOU
MOCK THE NAME GREG?
CAPTURE THE FOOL!
AND LET THE TRIAL BEGIN.
THERE ISN'T
GONNA BE ANY TRIAL,
NOT WHILE I HAVE
THE SUPER-SQUID STRENGTH
OF WET WILLIE!
[GROANING]
NO WONDER
THAT MOVIE STUNK.
I'M WARNING YOU...
[SNIFFING]
[BURPING]
YOU LET THEM GO
OR...OR...
I'LL SUMMON A GIANT SQUID
TO COME AND CRUSH YOU!
[LAUGHING]
A GIANT SQUID?
WHAT TABLOID NEWSPAPER
TOLD YOU THOSE EXISTED?
I DON'T READ.
I JUST SKIM.
OK. YOU ASKED
FOR IT.
CALLING GIANT SQUID.
ANY TIME NOW.
ANY MOMENT NOW.
ANY...YOU KNOW,
ON SECOND THOUGHT,
MAYBE A TRIAL'S
NOT SUCH A BAD IDEA.
SILENCE!
LADIES AND GENTLEFISH
OF THE JURY...
DON'T WORRY.
I'VE BEEN STUDYING
ATLANTIAN LAW ALL NIGHT.
I ARGUE A LITTLE BIT,
I ASK A FEW QUESTIONS,
AND THEN WE
THROW OURSELVES ON
THE MERCY OF THE COURT.
BESIDES, WHAT
DO YOU THINK THE
MAXIMUM PENALTY IS
FOR SINKING
A CITY ANYWAY?
LET THE TRIAL BEGIN.
AHEM. I...
GUILTY!
SEND IN THE CRACKEN.
[GROWLING]
AW, COME ON.
THAT'S PRETTY HARSH
FOR SINKING ATLANTIS
ONE TIME.
UM...ACTUALLY,
I SANK IT 9 TIMES.
9 TIMES?
SEND IN 8 MORE CRACKEN!
[GROWLING]
NOTE TO SELF: GET CRACKEN
DOORS MADE BIGGER.
YOU SANK ATLANTIS
9 TIMES?
WHERE WAS I WHEN
THIS WAS HAPPENING?
I HAVE A WHOLE SECRET LIFE
YOU KNOW NOTHING ABOUT.
[GROWLING]
YOU CAN'T JUST LET
THOSE THINGS EAT COSMO.
GOOD POINT. WE'LL HAVE
THEM EAT ALL 3 OF YOU.
SEND IN TWO MORE CRACKEN.
WAIT! WAIT!
CAN I JUST SAY
ONE THING?
OK, BUT MAKE IT QUICK.
I'VE GOT 9 CRACKEN HERE
AND THEY'RE ALL
GETTING OVERTIME.
ATLANTIANS, YOU LIVE IN
A CLEAN, UTOPIAN SOCIETY.
NOW, I MAY BE GETTING
A "D" IN ENGLISH,
BUT DOESN'T "UTOPIAN" MEAN GOOD?
[CHATTERING]
GIVE ME 5 MINUTES TO SHOW YOU
THAT COSMO'S
SINKING ATLANTIS 9 TIMES
WAS ACTUALLY A GOOD THING.
AND IF I'M WRONG,
YOU CAN DEVOUR US ALL.
OK. BUT JUST TO BE SAFE,
SOMEONE ENLARGE THOSE
LAST TWO CRACKEN DOORS
WHILE WE'RE GONE.
BEHOLD, THE HORROR
OF SURFACE-WORLD TRASH.
[BEEPING]
THAT'S NOT A BIG DEAL.
WE COULD'VE CLEANED
THAT UP IN NO TIME.
WELL, HOW 'BOUT THAT?
BEHOLD, THE SCOURGE
OF SURFACE-WORLD WASTE.
WE WOULD'VE ADAPTED.
OH, YEAH? WELL...
WHAT ABOUT THAT?
WHAT ABOUT THE CHAOS
OF SURFACE-WORLD SOCIETY?
GET OFF MY BEACH, NERD!
I AM NOT GOING ANYWHERE
UNTIL MY SON RETURNS
FROM HIS EXTENDED
SNORKELING TRIP!
BESIDES,
HE HAS MY CAR KEYS.
I DON'T HAVE
THE CAR KEYS!
YAHOO!
YIPPEE!
WE WOULD'VE MADE FRIENDS
WITH THAT BULLY...
TELEPATHICALLY.
THAT'S WHAT WE DID
WITH ALL THE FISH
IN THE SEA.
WELL, WE'RE NOT
FRIENDS WITH THEM.
LOOK! WE EAT
YOUR FISH BROTHERS.
HA HA. SO DO WE SOMETIMES,
ALTHOUGH MOSTLY
OUR DIET CONSISTS
OF CRABS, STARFISH,
AND THE OCCASIONAL
UNDERWATER SQUIRREL.
[BURPING]
WELL, IF THIS IS
ALL YOU'VE GOT TO SHOW ME,
I GUESS IT'S CRACKEN TIME!
[GROWLING]
WAIT, I DIDN'T WANT
TO DO THIS,
BUT THERE'S ONE LAST THING
I WANT YOU TO SEE.
[SCREAMING]
THAT IS THE MOST HIDEOUS
THING I HAVE EVER SEEN!
[GROWLING]
YOU CALL THAT
ENTERTAINMENT?
YOU PAY $9
TO SEE THAT?!
$10 ON THE WEEKENDS.
FLEE! FLEE TO THE SAFE HAVEN
OF OUR CLEAN, UNDERSEA UTOPIA!
UTOPIA, I'M COMING, BABY!
Greg: AND SO,
FOR SHOWING US ATLANTIANS
WHERE WE TRULY BELONG,
HAPPILY CUT OFF
FROM THE SURFACE WORLD
AND ITS WRETCHED MOVIES
AND OVERPRICED SNACK BARS,
WE PRESENT YOU WITH
THESE METALS OF GRATITUDE.
[CHEERING]
SO, YOU'RE
NOT MAD ANYMORE?
QUITE THE CONTRARY.
THE ACCURSED ONE--
I MEAN THE BELOVED ONE...
...AND THEN I SAID,
"TURNTROUT?
AND YOU'RE GONNA
MAKE FUN OF GREG?"
[LAUGHING]
AND YOU TWO ARE
WELCOME HERE ANY TIME.
[CHEERING]
WELL, WHAT DO YOU KNOW?
FOR ONCE, COSMO'S INABILITY
TO LEARN FROM HIS MISTAKES
MADE THINGS BETTER.
AND I'M NOT LONGER
THE ACCURSED ONE!
NOTHING CAN RUIN
THIS DAY!
[GROWLING]
EXCEPT A GIANT SQUID ATTACK!
[SCREAMING]
[GASPING]
NEW ACCURSED ONE!
LET THE NEW HUNT BEGIN!
UH, I THINK THEY'RE GONNA
WANT THEIR MEDALS BACK.
CLEVELANLANTIS,
ANYONE?
ROAD TRIP!
GUYS, I NEED
A MAGIC DEVICE
THAT WILL ALLOW ME
TO CHANGE BODIES
WITH SOMEONE ELSE!
ANY OTHER SPECIFICS
YOU WANT TO TOSS OUT?
TYPE OF DEVICE?
COLOR OF DEVICE?
THE WORD "PLEASE"?
[PHONE RINGING]
I'LL GET IT.
IT'S PROBABLY MAMA!
MAMA, IT'S ME,
COSMO. HELLO?
WHAT'S WITH HIM?
MAMA COSMA'S COME DOWN
WITH A 9-HOUR FLU,
AND WE HAVE TO GO
TAKE CARE OF HER
FOR 9 HOURS.
WHAT?! I CAN'T BE
WITHOUT MY FAIRIES
FOR 9 HOURS!
THAT'S LIKE FOREVER!
MAMA'S NOT WELL,
SO LET'S HURRY
AND TAKE CARE OF
THAT SUPER-VAGUE WISH.
ONE BODY-SWAPPING
JOY BUZZER COMING UP!
AWESOME!
TIMMY, YOU AREN'T GOING
TO USE THIS DEVICE
TO CHEAT, ARE YOU?
OF COURSE NOT. THE FACT
THAT I'M WISHING FOR
A DEVICE THAT ALLOWS ME
TO SWITCH BODIES
ON THE DAY THAT I JUST
SO HAPPEN TO HAVE A TEST
I HAVEN'T STUDIED FOR
IS MERELY A COINCIDENCE.
WHAT? YOU CAN'T DO--UGH!
WE'LL POOF BACK
AT EXACTLY 4:00,
WHEN MAMA'S FLU IS OVER.
AND THEN WE'LL
ALL DO SOMETHING
REALLY FUN AND MAGICAL
TOGETHER, OK?
NOW, COME ON!
MAMA NEEDS US!
A BODY-SWAPPING JOY BUZZER.
THANK YOU, MAMA COMSA.
OK, CHILDREN, IT'S TIME
TO DO FURTHER DAMAGE
TO YOUR ONCE PROMISING FUTURES.
NOT MINE. I STUDIED.
AND TO THAT I SAY
CONGRATULATIONS,
A.J., OLD PAL.
AAH!
A.J.: I FEEL DIFFERENT.
WHY DO MY TEETH FEEL SO HEAVY?
Timmy: IT WORKED! I'M IN
A.J.'S BODY AND HE'S IN MINE,
TAKING MY TEST FOR ME. SWEET!
FINISHED.
GOOD JOB.
I THOUGHT
I JUST DID THIS. AAH!
THANK YOU, JOY BUZZER.
Cosmo: MAMA? MAMA?
WE'RE HERE, MAMA.
SO LET THE INSULTS BEGIN.
WANDA, YOU LOOK LOVELY.
OH, NO. SHE'S DELIRIOUS!
SHE DOESN'T KNOW
WHAT SHE'S SAYING!
CLEAR! AAH!
I SHOCKED MYSELF!
HEY, TURNER, TIME FOR YOUR
BLACK AND BLUE PLATE SPECIAL.
WELL, IT WORKED ONCE.
PUT HER THERE, FRANCIS.
Francis: HUH? WHY DO
I FEEL SO SMALL
AND MY TEETH FEEL
SO BIG?
Timmy: IT'S TIME
FOR FRANCIS
TO PICK ON SOMEONE
HIS OWN SIZE.
OOH! AAH! OH!
WHAT THE...?
HUH? ALL RIGHT,
TURNER. TIME FOR...
NO WONDER THEY CALL IT
A JOY BUZZER--
HIS PAIN IS MY JOY!
WHAT'S THAT? A BUZZER
THAT CAUSES JOY?
YOU KNOW I DON'T ALLOW
JOY OR HAPPINESS!
I'M NOT THAT FOND
OF GLEE, EITHER.
BUT ESPECIALLY NOT JOY!
NOW, GIVE ME THAT!
WHAT? NO!
THAT'S MINE.
Timmy: HUH? NARROW HIPS?
HUMPED BACK? EAR ON MY NECK?
OH, NO! I'M CROCKER!
PERFECT VISION?
TEETH THAT COULD CHEW
THE BUMPER OFF A VAN?
I'VE EITHER BEEN TURNED
INTO SOME SUPER BEAVER
OR I'M TIMMY TURNER!
AND THIS MUST BE THE WORK
OF HIS FAIRY GODPARENTS!
AND NOW THAT
I LOOK LIKE YOU,
I CAN GO TO YOUR HOUSE
AND SEARCH IT
FOR EVIDENCE OF
FAIRY GODPARENTS!
WAIT!
CROCKER, WHERE ARE
YOU GOING?
HOME...TO, UH,
THINK ABOUT
HOW MUCH I LIKE YOU?
NONSENSE!
YOU CAN DO THAT
IN THE TEACHER'S LOUNGE.
HA! NOW OFF TO TURNER'S!
TURNER, I REMEMBER
A BEATING,
AND I REMEMBER YOU,
BUT I DON'T REMEMBER
BEATING YOU,
SO BETTER SAFE
THAN SORRY.
PUT ME DOWN,
ABNORMALLY LARGE CHILD!
I'LL HAVE YOU
SUSPENDED FOR THIS!
SUSPENSION?
THAT'S A GREAT IDEA!
OH.
3 HOURS LEFT. ON ONE HAND,
I NEED TO GET HOME
AS SOON AS POSSIBLE,
ON THE OTHER, I'LL NEVER GET
ANOTHER OPPORTUNITY LIKE THIS!
ALL RIGHTY, CLASS, TODAY'S
ASSIGNMENT IS A 500-WORD ESSAY
ON WHAT A BIG, FAT JERK I AM!
THEN, FOR EXTRA CREDIT,
RECESS ALL DAY!
[CHEERING]
ALWAYS WANTED
TO DO THIS.
F! YEAH!
MAMA? MAMA? HOW ARE
YOU FEELING, MAMA?
WEAK. I THINK A FOOT
MASSAGE WOULD HELP.
YEAH, I'LL GET WANDA
RIGHT ON THAT.
NONSENSE.
YOU'VE GOT 6 HANDS.
WANDA, DEAR,
COME SIT WITH ME.
POOR DEAR.
YOU WORK SO HARD
FLOATING AND EVERYTHING.
YOUR FEET MUST BE
KILLING YOU.
SHE'S SO SICK
SHE THINKS SHE LIKES ME.
SHOULD WE CALL
A DOCTOR?
NO. THIS IS ONCE IN
A LIFETIME OPPORTUNITY,
AND I'M NOT GONNA LOSE IT,
SO WARM THOSE HANDS, FROSTY.
THESE FEET AREN'T GOING
TO MASSAGE THEMSELVES!
EWWW!
[GIGGLING]
[COUGHING]
WELL, THAT WAS A SUPER WEDGIE.
THE NEXT TIME A CHILD COMES
CRYING TO ME ABOUT ONE OF THOSE,
I'LL HAVE A POINT OF REFERENCE.
I STILL HAVE TIME TO
WADDLE UNCOMFORTABLY
TO TURNER'S HOUSE AND
DISCOVER HIS FAIRY GOD--
YOU!
[BELL RINGING]
[CHEERING]
NOW'S MY CHANCE.
I HAVE TO GET HOME
BEFORE EXACTLY 4:00
OR COSMO AND WANDA
WILL POOF IN
AND REVEAL THEMSELVES
TO CROCKER
THINKING HE'S ME!
WAIT A MINUTE, I CAN'T DRIVE!
OH, WELL. NOT MY VAN.
YAHOO!
[BUZZING]
[SAWING]
[SIRENS BLARING]
FORGET IT, COPPERS.
YOU'LL NEVER TAKE ME,
DENZEL CROCKER, ALIVE!
[MANIACALLY LAUGHING]
OH, WANDA, YOU ARE
SUCH A DELIGHT.
I AM, AREN'T I?
WHY NOT SAY IT AGAIN
ONCE I TURN ON
THIS VIDEO CAMERA.
READY FOR YOUR
SPONGE BATH, MOTHER?
FINALLY, BUT FIRST,
I THINK WANDA NEEDS
MORE TEA. WANDA?
OH, DON'T MIND
IF I DO. CHOP, CHOP.
[SIGHING]
[LAUGHING]
[COUGHING]
COOL! TOW AWAY ZONE!
HI, MOM AND DAD...
OF TIMMY TURNER.
YOU! BACK TO TRY AND STEAL
MY WIFE AGAIN, EH?
AH, SO GOOD
TO BE HOME. MY HOME.
THE ONE FULL OF
FAIRIES!
WELCOME HOME, TIMMY TURNER,
UNDISPUTED SON OF MINE.
I'LL BET YOU'D LIKE TO GO
STRAIGHT UP TO YOUR ROOM!
YES!
WELL, YOU CAN'T.
YOU'VE GOT A LOT OF CHORES
TO DO, YOUNG MAN.
AND VICKI'S HERE TO
MAKE SURE YOU DO THEM
WHILE YOUR FATHER
AND I...HAVE FUN.
VICKI? WHO'S VICKI?
HELLO, OBVIOUS
ONE AND ONLY TWERP.
LOOK WHO I BROUGHT
FOR YOU TO PLAY WITH.
DOIDLE!
DOIDLE? WHAT'S A DOIDLE?
GOOD HEAVENS, SON.
DOESN'T THAT HUNCHBACK
DREAM OF A TEACHER
TEACH YOU ANYTHING?
[LAUGHING]
ONLY 5 MORE MINUTES
UNTIL COSMO AND WANDA
POOF BACK HOME!
I GOTTA GET UPSTAIRS,
BUT THEY'LL
NEVER LET ME IN.
BUT MAYBE I DON'T
HAVE TO BE ME!
[TICKING]
I'M GLAD THERE'S ONLY
10 MORE SECONDS LEFT
UNTIL MAMA'S 9-HOUR FLU
IS OVER.
WELL...THAT WAS NICE
WHILE IT LASTED.
OH, WHAT LOVELY SOUP.
I'LL BET YOU COOKED IT,
DIDN'T YOU, WANDA?
YOU'RE SO TALENTED
IN ALL THAT YOU DO.
5...4...
IT SMELLS DELICIOUS.
IT SMELLS LIKE LOVE.
3...2....
Cosmo: ONE!
OH, WANDA, YOU'RE
THE GREATEST...
DISAPPOINTMENT
OF MY LIFE!
HOORAY!
HOW MY DARLING BOY
COULD MARRY A COMPLETE
LET-DOWN LIKE YOURSELF
IS BEYOND ME.
SHE'S FINE. WE'RE GONE.
BYE, MAMA!
NICKERNOODLES!
I MISSED!
HMM. THE TRASH IS OUT,
AND THERE ARE NO FAIRIES
IN THE BACKYARD OR KITCHEN.
COULD I GO LOOK FOR
FAIRIES IN MY ROOM NOW?
NO. NOT UNTIL
YOU'RE DONE WITH
YOUR HOMEWORK.
CURSE ME FOR GIVING ME
SO MUCH HOMEWORK!
UH...WHY ARE YOU
GIVING YOURSELF AN "F"?
SORRY. FORCE OF HABIT.
[DOORBELL RINGING]
HEY, I THOUGHT
I TOLD YOU TO--
STAY OUTSIDE WHILE
I QUICKLY RUN UPSTAIRS
TO MY SON'S ROOM.
HMM. NARROW HIPS, HUNCH
ON BACK, EAR ON NECK,
PECULIAR TATTOO,
SINGLE KIDNEY?
I'M GORGEOUS!
WELL, TIME
TO GO HAVE FUN
WITH THE MAN I MARRIED
WHOM I'D KNOW ANYWHERE.
EEH!
WHOA. I'M RETAINING
WATER.
WHOA! THAT'S WEIRD.
I FEEL AS THOUGH I'VE
GIVEN UP ON MY DREAMS.
EVERYTHING'S UNDER
CONTROL, MRS. TURNER.
YOU GO HAVE FUN
WHILE I FIRE UP
THE WOOD CHIPPER--
I MEAN TURN ON THE TV.
I'M GONNA NEED A BATH
AFTER THIS ONE.
AAH! I FEEL OLD!
LAST ONE TO THE BEDROOM'S
A ROTTEN FAIRY!
COME BACK HERE, TWERP!
HEY, THAT WAS KIND OF FUN.
[BARKING]
WEIRD.
DIRTY SOCKS, MOLDY FOOD...
PICTURE OF ME ON A DART BOARD.
I'LL MAKE A NOTE OF THAT
FOR LATER.
WHERE ARE THE FAIRIES?
AH, I NEVER COULD
RESIST
THE UNCONDITIONAL
LOVE OF YOU CUTE
LITTLE SCAMPS.
BUCK TEETH, PINK HAT,
THE KNOWLEDGE
I'VE MESSED UP AGAIN?
YES! I'M BACK!
NOW TO GET RID OF CROCKER.
BARK, BARK, BARK!
CURSE ME AND MY
ANIMAL INSTINCTS!
GAH! I MEAN BARK!
AWESOME! I GOT RID OF HIM
BEFORE COSMO AND WANDA GOT BACK.
YES, WE'RE BACK.
YOUR MAGICAL GODPARENTS!
WE THOUGHT WE'D MAKE
AS BIG AN ENTRANCE
AS POSSIBLE.
I KNOW. I'VE GOT A LOT
OF EXPLAINING TO DO,
BUT I'LL UNWISH
EVERYTHING LATER.
[BARKING]
WOW. YOU SURE HAVE A LOT
OF ENERGY, LITTLE GUY.
I GUESS WE'LL HAVE TO
FIX THAT AGAIN.
TO THE NEUTER SCOOTER!
THERE HE IS.
I RECOGNIZE HIM
BY THE TATTOO
AND THE KIDNEY SCAR.
AAH!
CURSE MY BEAUTY!
Dad as Crocker: I'M GORGEOUS!
CAPTIONING MADE POSSIBLE BY
NICKELODEON
CAPTIONED BY THE NATIONAL
CAPTIONING INSTITUTE
--www.ncicap.org--